PROBLEM STATEMENT :
	Bhavin Patel - sales director of AtliQ Hardware
	


AIM'S GRID & PROJECT PLANNING :
	
AIM'S GRID : 4 components
1. Purpose of this project - to unlock sales insight which are not visible before for sales
	team for decision support & automate them to reduced manual time spent in
	data gathering.

2. Stakeholders - 
	- Sales director
	- Marketing team
	- Customer service team
	- Data & analytics team
	- IT

3. End Result - An automated dashboard providing quick & latest sales insghts in order to
		support data driven decision making.

4. Success Criteria - 
	- dashboard(s) uncovering sales order insights with latest data available
	- sales team able to take better decsions & prove 10% cost savings of total spend
	- sales analyst stop data gathering manually in order to save 20% of their business
	  time and reinvest it value added activity

IT Teams (Falcons) - responsible for building and maintaining the software used by AtliQ
data of clients are saved in MYSQL database 
Data Anlyst (Data masters) - hook on Tableau with MySQl database for analysis and dashboard
DATA Warehouse - Data is transformed in some other format and saved in a database using 
		ETL tool by data engineers (data miners)

Sales MAnagement system -  OLTP - Online transaction processing system
if system goes down : data can be lost
that's why data warehouse is used and operations are performed by data analysts or data scientists
on the data saved in data warehouse
known as - OLAP - online analytical processing system


STAR SCHEMA - Data model
retrieved data - made STAR SCHEMA and performed ETL (Data Cleaning) process

TABLEAU :

1. Linked MySQL data to Tableau making the STAR Schema and performing ETL 
	i.e extracting data from MySQL, Transforming it using SQL queries
	and loading them to Tableau to create Dashboard.

2. Creat Multiple sheets defining multiple things which are required 
	during compilation of all in making of dashboard such as :
	Revenue by Markets, by products and designing them using filtering and
	formatting of data to represent a attractive and interesting dashboard...
	And finally merged all sheets to prepare a dashboard representing 
	REVENUE ANALYSIS.

3. Created another dashbaord defining profit and profit margin of company
	among the countries and sellers using pie chart and graphs. 
	Dashboard - PROFIT ANALYSIS
 
